How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

If you notice that a certain function isn't working in the new version, you can compare the two and see if maybe there was a naming issue or syntactical error. Either way, you can see changes you didn't know had been made.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term? 

I guess you could see where you started a project, say as a beginner, and where you finished it, say as an intermediate-advanced programmer and note the changes in your formatting/programming techniques.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	Obviously the first thing that comes to mind is if you forget to save, and you're program freezes and closes before you could save. But as a pro you can know when to make a commit after a serious change was made and you need to create one.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Well letting one save multiple files in one commit is nice if you already know ahead of time which files are inter-related. Google Docs, and others that treat them seperately probably don't want to have the extra storage associated with multiple file commits.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log can show you when commits were made with a message and --stat will show you adds/deletes. git diff will show you the difference in two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	If you know that you can roll back to a previous commit, you won't have to fret about not remembering what exactly you changed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I would like to use it for HTML/CSS/JS/JQUERY/PHP files and programs I come up with for a site I am building and any future projects. STEELERS
